Re: [討論] 科技業能做到五六十歲嗎? - 看板 Tech_Job - 批踢踢實業坊作者billandcs (信義比爾蘇)看板Tech_Job標題Re: [討論] 科技業能做到五六十歲嗎?時間Sun Dec 13 16:57:44 2015http://goo.gl/OdsQOC雖然BI常貼費雯但是這篇可以參考一下...Some tech workers over 50 are literally working themselves to death — andother things we discovered about their careers--------------------------------------------------------------------------取其中一段:One 63-year-old IT worker we spoke with is three years away from retirement,with kids still in college. He's working for a major US tech firm that hashad layoffs in recent years.He's the last one standing from his former department after all of hisco-workers were laid off or quit for other jobs.He survived the layoffs because he's "in a little niche" with some specificprogramming/networking IT skills that the company is contractually requiredto provide to certain customers.其實63歲有投資房產準確至少光靠收租金就不會餓死了...就像今天買不回內湖40年前一坪3萬的價格.  也不一定是房產,投資自已打造屬於自己的印鈔機就對了...不然隨便QE狂發鈔票貶值超快,很難追上的. 以公司的角度來看,你的利用價值還剩多少才是決定要不要留住你的原因...--※ 發信站: 批踢踢實業坊(ptt.cc), 來自: 220.135.119.13※ 文章網址: https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/Tech_Job/M.1449997067.A.711.html推 runnial: 那你覺得Twitter之前裁員,都是弱者嗎?→ billandcs: https://www.linkedin.com/in/bartt  不差啊From: Jack DorseyTo: All EmployeesDate: October 13, 2015Subject: A more focused TwitterTeam,We are moving forward with a restructuring of our workforce so we can put ourcompany on a stronger path to grow. Emails like this are usually riddled withcorporate speak so I'm going to give it to you straight.The team has been working around the clock to produce streamlined roadmap forTwitter, Vine, and Periscope and they are shaping up to be strong. Theroadmap is focused on the experiences which will have the greatest impact. Welaunched the first of these experiences last week with Moments, a greatbeginning, and a bold peek into the future of how people will see what'sgoing on in the world.The roadmap is also a plan to change how we work, and what we need to do thatwork. Product and Engineering are going to make the most significantstructural changes to reflect our plan ahead. We feel strongly thatEngineering will move much faster with a smaller and nimbler team, whileremaining the biggest percentage of our workforce. And the rest of theorganization will be streamlined in parallel.So we have made an extremely tough decision: we plan to part ways with up to336 people from across the company. We are doing this with the utmost respectfor each and every person. Twitter will go to great lengths to take care ofeach individual by providing generous exit packages and help finding a newjob.Let's take this time to express our gratitude to all of those who are leavingus. We will honor them by doing our best to serve all the people that useTwitter. We do so with a more purpose-built team, which we'll continue tobuild strength into over time, as we are now enabled to reinvest in our mostimpactful priorities.Thank you all for your trust and understanding here. This isn't easy. But itis right. The world needs a strong Twitter, and this is another step to getthere. As always, please reach out to me directly with any ideas or questions.Jack※ 編輯: billandcs (220.135.119.13), 12/13/2015 17:17:13推文自動更新已關閉