[情報] MIPS被Imagination &amp; ARM 瓜分 - 看板 Tech_Job - 批踢踢實業坊作者chrispherd (Mr. Darcy)看板Tech_Job標題[情報] MIPS被Imagination &amp; ARM 瓜分時間Wed Nov  7 12:01:46 2012原文: http://ppt.cc/58QeARM, Imagination divvy up MIPSJunko Yoshida11/6/2012 9:41 AM ESTNEW YORK -- MIPS Technologies, which had been on the block for almost a year,finally found buyers in a complicated deal involving Imagination Technologiesand ARM.Imagination said Tuesday (Nov. 6) it has agreed to buy MIPS' operatingbusiness for $60 million. Under terms of the deal, the U.K. graphics IPvendor will gain 160 engineers and 82 MIPS patents.The move is viewed as a way for Imagination to beef up its CPU core expertisewhile defending its graphics lead. It would also position Imagination tocompeting against ARM, which has been pursuing its integrated CPU-GPUsolution strategy.Separately, ARM said it will lead a consortium buying the rights to the MIPSportfolio of 498 patents. The consortium, called Bridge Crossing LLC, willpay $350 million in cash to purchase the rights to the portfolio, of whichARM will contribute $167.5 million.Bridge Crossing is an acquisition vehicle for Allied Security Trust (AST), aconsortium of companies with a history of buying up patents. The consortiumoften sells off or licenses those patents. Consortium members include Avaya,HP, IBM, Intel, Motorola, Oracle, Philips, Research in Motion and others.J. Scott Gardner, a senior analyst at The Linley Group, said “ARM purchasedrights to all of the MIPS patents, so they have legal peace.” What remainsunclear, however, is whether companies such as Qualcomm, Broadcom and Applewill have to purchase their own licenses for access to the AST portfolio,Gardner added. “As I understand it, the entire purpose of AST is to keeppatents from falling into the hands of trolls. I assume that these othercompanies are part of the AST group and are also safe," he said.Asked during a conference call, which companies belong to AST and who haveaccess to the MIPS portfolio of 498 patents, Imagination and MIPS executivesdeclined to provide names.Imagination CEO Hossein Yassaie did say 82 of the patents acquired in thedeal cover key aspects of the MIPS architecture. That will help Imaginationto move MIPS architecture "go forward," he noted, while protecting royaltiescoming from current and future MIPS licensees. Once the Imagination-MIPS dealis completed, MIPS royalties will go to Imagination, not to AST, Yassaie said.--※ 發信站: 批踢踢實業坊(ptt.cc)◆ From: 36.229.84.105推 wnlee:wow推 wtula:好想看水桶哥的comment....推 eric03032001:祈待大師obov指點迷津推 djmay:沒有戰點的文章吸引不了O大推文自動更新已關閉