[徵才] ScienceLogic 軟體工程師 - 看板 Tech_Job - 批踢踢實業坊作者GeorgeToad (博班加油啦)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] ScienceLogic 軟體工程師時間Sat Sep  5 11:59:49 2015[徵才] ScienceLogic 工程師 (120k/月)【公司名稱】ScienceLogic, Inc.【公司網址】www.sciencelogic.com【工作職缺】Technical Support Engineer / Professional Services Engineer【徵求條件】Technical Support Engineer1.  Strong English2.  A bachelor degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent workexperience3.  Strong support, deployment and/or administration experience forenterprise software solutions4.  System administration/support experience in Windows and Unix environmentswith an emphasis on Linux5.  Configuration and troubleshooting SNMP based Network/Systems Managementplatforms6.  MySQL Database knowledge is recommended7.  Knowledge of scripting, PHP and/or Python is a plus8.  Solid understanding of TCP/IP networking9.  Handling customer cases via phone and email systems; on-site experience aplusProfessional Services Engineer1.  Strong English2.  A bachelor degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent workexperience3.  Proven experience with implementation of enterprise level networkmanagement or security products or similar projects4.  Thorough understanding of IT infrastructure, application, and enterpriseinfrastructure best practices5.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills6.  5+ years experience supporting/using enterprise class infrastructuremonitoring platforms7.  5+ years Linux operating system experience8.  3+ years MySQL Database experience9.  3+ years of experience with Cisco network equipment to include solidunderstanding of L2 and L3 layers10. 3+ years of experience with SNMP and vendor MIB architecture and how toquery for status11. 3+ years of experience configuring SNMP trap alerts based on requirements12. Strong knowledge of WMI, XML, SOAP, PHP and/or Python13. Proficient in Linux scripting14. Have exceptional troubleshooting and customer-handling skills15. Be a self-starter【工作地點】Technical Support Engineer: 上手以前在內湖, 上手以後在你家Professional Services Engineer: 上手以前在內湖, 上手以後在你家【工作時間】Technical Support Engineer兩種, 都是上四天休息三天1.  週日至週三 早上 8 點至下午 7 點，含午休12點至1點1小時2.  週三至週六 早上 8 點至下午 7 點，含午休12點至1點1小時Professional Services Engineer周一至周五 早上9點至下午6點半，含午休12點至1點半1.5小時【工作內容】Technical Support Engineer1.  Provide technical support to ScienceLogic customers by answeringtelephone calls and replying to emails in line with departmental measures,with a focus on high quality, accuracy and customer satisfaction2.  Document and record all activity and communication with customers overtelephone and email according to departmental standards of quality3.  Record all activity in the department’s ticketing system, updating casesat least every 3 days in order that progress can be tracked with eachcustomer's incident, viewed via the customer portal.4.  Meet or exceed departmental goals for Case Management, Phone and Emailresponse times, and Customer Satisfaction scores5.  Review cases for technical complexity and make recommendations to teammembers with regards escalation according to departmental Best Practice6.  Use and create knowledgebase articles based on new product information,support incidents, and/or common or critical issues7.  Adhere to ScienceLogic Support Services best practices8.  Participate in departmental projects9.  Actively participate in team and departmental meetings by providingfeedback on current day to day activity and recommendations for improvement10. Perform hands-on installation, configuration, and troubleshooting ofScienceLogic appliances as they relate to the ScienceLogic suite ofproducts11. Expect approximately 20-40% travel for on-site work with customers andpartnersProfessional Services Engineer1.  Perform hands-on installation, configuration, and troubleshooting ofScienceLogic appliances as they relate to the ScienceLogic suite ofproducts.2.  Act as the internal customer advocate for problem resolution, new productfeatures, and future product direction3.  Flexible and willing to learn new technologies and applications4.  Record all activity in the department’s ticketing system5.  Use and create knowledgebase articles based on new product information,field incidents, and/or common or critical issues6.  Adhere to ScienceLogic Professional Services best practices7.  Participate in departmental projects8.  Self-motivated and able to work independently on multipleengagements/projects9.  Ability to maintain a positive and cooperative attitude in sometimesstressful situations10. Strong project management skills with the ability to prioritize competingproject timelines11. Creative person who looks for new and innovative ways to resolve problems12. Effective team player willing to assist others when needed13. Expect over 70% travel for on-site work with customers and partners【公司福利】Technical Support Engineer1.  台灣國定假日, 國定假日坐落在周休則轉成特休2.  周休四五六 或是 日一二 (看是上哪一班)3.  特休十天Professional Services Engineer1.  台灣國定假日, 國定假日坐落在周休則轉成特休2.  周休六日3.  特休十天【薪資範圍】Technical Support Engineer年薪 4 萬美金Professional Services Engineer年薪 4.8 萬美金【需求人數】Technical Support Engineer 2人Professional Services Engineer 1人【聯絡人/連絡方式】請將英語履歷寄到 Henry Hsiao &lt;hhsiao@sciencelogic.com&gt;【其他備註】外商公司不會怕給薪水, 只要表現良好調薪是一定會的.  因為95% 的客戶都只會說英文, 所以英文溝通能力必須要非常流暢.--※ 發信站: 批踢踢實業坊(ptt.cc), 來自: 36.236.250.7※ 文章網址: https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/Tech_Job/M.1441425592.A.65D.html推 dakkk: 除了在家工作外 薪水普通→ DrTech: 台灣類似工作薪水不是才3~4萬？→ DrTech: 喔看錯了，是要找多年經驗的人。推 mico409: 開頭120k/mon 後面寫4萬鎂/year 怎麼算的啊推 dakkk: 應該是4.8萬鎂來算推 mico409: 好處是有必要在家工作的人 工作時間彈性推 maypcc: 看起來假日很多? 一週只上班四天，一年就比別人多52天假??→ maypcc: 又加上有10天特休…這薪水拿個百萬初應該滿不錯的推 cavitylapper: 這個感覺好棒 可惜能力不夠...推 mico409: 要考慮的應該是時差吧噓 fedona: 真少→ chucklee: T echnical Support Engineer算變形工時哦 有開勞資會→ chucklee: 議同意嗎→ summer08818: 會綁在別人公司嗎? 我們家類似職位上次去大M被關7天→ summer08818: 平常沒事的時候都可以在家發信看電腦就好推 centra: 算不錯了啊 大家標準這麼高啊→ centra: 三五年經驗 CO值很好啊→ centra: CP值噓 apttman: 比台積電爛,不推→ sean2449: 週休六日！推文自動更新已關閉