[徵才] PhD &amp; Postdoc position openings @ Duke - 看板 Tech_Job - 批踢踢實業坊作者Icen0714 (Eason)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] PhD &amp; Postdoc position openings @ Duke時間Tue Aug 30 10:12:37 2016The Duke Acoustofluidics Group (https://acoustofluidics.pratt.duke.edu/) is inviting the most motivated, talented postdoc and Ph.D. candidates to join us.  We conducts research at the interface of physics, engineering, micro/nano technology, chemistry, and biomedicine.  We are a highly dynamic group. The graduate students from our group have been recognized with more than 80 awards for their research achievements, including National Science Foundation (NSF) Graduate Fellowships, Fulbright Scholarships,NASA Space Technology Research Fellowships, Baxter Young Investigator Awards, Materials Research Society (MRS) Graduate Student Award, Founder’s prize from the American Academy of Mechanics, a Boris P. Stoicheff Memorial Scholarship from Optical Society of America, a SPIE fellowship in Optics and Photonics, and best paper awards at the IEEE Ultrasonics Symposiums and MicroTAS Conferences.  Several of our Ph.D. students and postdocs have received faculty positions at research universities such asUniversity of Texas, Austin, University of Colorado at Boulder, and Peking University (China, 1000 Young Talents Program). Those who prefer industry have taken excellent job offers from companies such as Intel, GE Global Research, P&amp;G, BD, and Dow Chemicals. Many of our Ph.D. students have such an excellent publication record that they had got their green cards (i.e., US Permanent Residency) issued BEFORE they completed their Ph.D. degrees in our group.We are recruiting exceptional Ph.D. and postdoc candidates with:1.      Passion for innovation and excellence; relentless pursuit of results and success2.      Excellent training in one of the following fields: Physics, Biology, Chemistry, and Engineering. Strong publication record is highly preferred. We recruit postdocs/students with strong background in physics or engineering to develop new technologies; we also recruit postdocs/students with strong background in chemistry or biology to develop new applications for these technologies.3.      Ability to collaborate and work in a teamIf you are interested in joining us, please send to Prof. Tony Jun Huang (email: tony.huang@duke.edu) with your CV.--※ 發信站: 批踢踢實業坊(ptt.cc), 來自: 107.15.129.194※ 文章網址: https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/Tech_Job/M.1472523160.A.B5E.html→ pinkowa: 。。。Duke....推文自動更新已關閉