[徵才] 飛行模擬機中心 Simulator Technicians  - 看板 Tech_Job - 批踢踢實業坊作者Vljiao (Good Morning)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] 飛行模擬機中心 Simulator Technicians 時間Mon Aug  1 23:00:14 2016[Position Title職缺名稱] Simulator Technician[About us 關於我們]本公司為澳洲商Ansett Aviation Training Holdings Pty Ltd在台灣設立之亞洲據點，Ansett是世界上航空飛行訓練服務的領導品牌之一，在澳洲已有40年的經驗，在南半球已為規模最大的飛行訓練機構。因應航空產業在亞洲的快速發展，我們將營運的據點設立在亞洲的交通樞紐: 台灣，將我們高品質的飛航訓練服務更進一步推展向國際。Ansett Aviation Asia operates a range of full-motion flight simulators totrain commercial pilots in the Asian region.  Established in Australia withover 40 years track record of flight simulation training, Ansett is buildingits training operations in the heart of the Taoyuan Aerotropolis.  We arelooking for young, enthusiastic individuals with a passion for an excitingcareer in the aviation industry. Working as part of a high-performing team,you will apply your technical skills and knowledge to provide fully servicedflight simulators for use by AAA's customers.請參考我們的網站 https://www.ansettaviationasia.com以及關係企業安捷飛航訓練中心的粉絲團https://www.facebook.com/apexflightacademy[About the role關於這個職缺]This position reports to experienced Maintenance Manager and is responsiblefor routine maintenance and troubleshooting technical tasks or systemproblems; by reference to maintenance manuals and documentation. Your workmay be reviewed by experienced technicians to ensure compliance with standardoperating procedures and practices. Newly created solutions will be reviewedby the Maintenance Manager as required.We expect diligent and responsible staff to ensure that our operations runsmoothly with minimal downtime.In the role, you will;A. Receiving training in device system and subsystems including allnecessary technical guidanceB. Receive a high level simulator course for 2 weeks on site by thesimulator manufacturer.[Essential Duties and Responsibilities 工作內容] include, but are notlimited to the following:1. 熟悉設計電子電路的相關系統與設備，具備電子電路設計、檢修、分析能力。2. 可靈活運用專業技術/通用常識在各種例行性設備維護工作3. 具備學習設備的操作、系統設計標準、工具和了解流程的能力4. 具備精確紀錄各項維護工作及料件庫存的紀錄及追蹤5. 其他主管交辦工作‧ Applies working technical/on-technial knowledge to perform simpleor routine tasks in support of work on various devices, while followingdetailed instrucions which encompass all procedures.‧ New or advanced assignments will be given detailed review and be spotchecked.  Tasks previously accomplished and documented as proficient do notrequire review or spot check, though they may be at the Maintenance Manageror Shift Lead’s discretion.‧ Localizes and replaces defective parts in electronic circuits.‧ Requires use of block, wiring and schematic diagrams to trace basiccircuits.‧ Maintains required documentation of maintenance activities.‧ Monitors and tracks the repair status of inoperative equipment anddocument maintenance activities utilizing the logistics management databasesystem.‧ Documents maintenance activities to include but not limited to, workorder generation and updates, repair action documentation, issuing,returning, and adjusting inventory, insuring inventory records are up todate and accurate, and other material control duties as assigned.‧ Conducts voice communications on phone, inter-phone and radio circuits.‧ Provides networking and information systems support on training devicesand networks.‧ Learns device requirements, system design standards, tools andprocedures.‧ Implements basic modifications to existing simulators.‧ Performs other duties as assigned.[Education and/or Experience 學歷/經歷要求]1. 專科以上主修電子/機電/電腦/航空/模擬機技術相關2. 或兩年以上相關工作經驗3. 具備本領域的基本概念及知識，可精確的寫作及表達4. 具備基本英文能力‧ Position requires a Technical College Degree with no experience or anequivalent combination of technical education and related experience inelectronics, electromechanical, computer, aviation or simulation technology.‧ Or, Two (2) years of related experience may substitute for absence ofTechnical College Degree‧ Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within aparticular field‧ Related skill areas should include technical writing and presentationskills.[Remuneration薪資待遇]無經驗者起薪50K以上，依照經驗敘薪，歡迎新鮮人嘗試，我們並沒有設限，歡迎自薦並提出期望薪資!-靈活的升遷和調薪制度，不要你悲情加班，要你work smart!-優於勞基法規定的員工福利-無限享用高品質澳式咖啡(台北知名咖啡店wooloomooloo提供)-員工享有免費營養午餐及晚餐/ 舒適好穿的全套制服/ 生日派對[Application Process聯絡我們]To apply or for further information, please contact:cchen@ansettaviationasia.com--※ 發信站: 批踢踢實業坊(ptt.cc), 來自: 220.133.32.63※ 文章網址: https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/Tech_Job/M.1470063616.A.A15.html推 freesamael: 好特別的領域→ willy0206: Cool..但常常玩飛行遊戲可以嗎XD推 morris1661: 樓上，可不可以，你可以去面試就知道了推文自動更新已關閉