Re: [請益] 想去SpaceX工作需要加強哪方面能力? - 看板 Tech_Job - 批踢踢實業坊作者billandcs (CS神棍)看板Tech_Job標題Re: [請益] 想去SpaceX工作需要加強哪方面能力?時間Thu Jan 14 11:20:20 2016※ 引述《S56655665566 (頂級五六強化三核心!!)》之銘言：: 大家好: 前陣子看到癮科技分享了SpaceX Falcon9火箭成功回收: 覺得很感動QQ: 小弟現在是公立大學化學系: 加強數學能力去物理碩或電機碩有可能嗎?: 還是需要去ARRC前瞻火箭研究中心磨一下....: 我是認真的: 先謝過回覆的大大: PS.員工配車會不會是特斯拉啊?https://goo.gl/8KN8djDolly Singh, Former Head of Talent Acquisiton at SpaceXI ran recruiting at SpaceX for almost 6 years; everything about how theyrecruit is part of the footprint myself and my team created - so hopefullyyou'll find this input helpful, though it will only magnify the challengethat lies before you.SpaceX aggressively pursues top collegiate talent; but because the hiring bar(mandate per Elon) is top 1% of the human population - we focus on top rankedengineering programs because their strict acceptance requirements are a goodprefilter and remove 90% of the bell curve, thereby automatically bringing usto about top 10% of the college population; making our haystack much smallerand thus easier to find the proverbial needles.Once within the top program populations we again filter aggressively based on:1. Hands on hardware/software development exp - i.e. What problems have youactually encountered and solved?2. Experience with engineering competitions, and placement in top positions/brackets at those competitions3. GPA/ SAT - other hard scores4. Drive/ GritThe reality is that SpaceX makes some of the most magnificent machines on theplanet (and beyond - yes, pun intended :).  So the worlds best engineers wantto work there. That paired with what I've already stated means there is bothan ability and a necessity to only hire people after they have in some waydemonstrated themselves to be truly exceptional.So - again, do not underestimate the challenge that lies before you.That said- where there is a will, there is a way.Here are some things which you can consider:One exposure/ access point for SpaceX that is outside of the top schools isthe FSAE competition in Michigan each year.  FSAE draws teams from manydifferent schools, and the teams basically design and build a race car fromscratch.It's an amazing event; and SpaceX uses the event to pick up some of the bestgearheads in the country.  More than anything else, mechanical engineers arerecruited from this event for the structures design team.The focus is usually on vehicle chief engineers from winning teams, as theytend to be the best engineer on each team- but we have found talented peoplein a variety of roles within the teams.If your school has an FSAE team - join it; if it doesn't, try to start one.You need to spend as much time as possible building real things- all schoolshave teams/clubs of some sort.  Look for learning opportunities in robotics,mechatronics, rocket clubs, or others.Additionally, you mentioned an interest in propulsion; without asophisticated rocket propulsion lab (like the one that Purdue has) it'snearly impossible to compete with the guys in this department.  If yourschool lacks these kinds of resources, and you can't find them/ access themwithin your vicinity - I'd suggest focusing on structural design or otheraspects of mechanical engineering.  Figure out what your school is good at,maybe track down the best professor, and see if you can align that with yourinterests.Another suggestion would be to become a mentor for US FIRST Robotics; it's anorganization  the engineering community respects and another opportunity toactually build systems with requirements.The good thing is you're being smart enough to ask questions; so keep doingthat.And spend the next 4 years trying to do everything you can to demonstrate youare an exceptional engineer and then when you apply don't include just aresume; add pictures/portfolio or videos or your work, get reference letters,etc.Your application needs to catch the attention of recruiters who are lookingfor MIT 5.0's - it needs to shine through the Ivy League flood ofapplications.But if you have videos of badass projects you have built - you CAN shinethrough.If you don't shine through in year one, apply for internships at other coolcompanies; getting other good brands on your resume will help you.  So tryeach year but also apply elsewhere so if you don't make it you're stillcontinuing  to build your track record so you can eventually stake your claimin the 1%.In terms of teaching yourself- YES!  You need to devour everything having todo with building hardware for space.  Remember Elon taught himself rocketscience from books.Finally, reach out to people within your network who can introduce you toengineers who work there today- developing personal connections which cantoday provide advice and may someday be able to provide a personal referencegives you the best shortcut through the noise.  SpaceX like most techcompanies loves employee referrals.Good luck!--※ 發信站: 批踢踢實業坊(ptt.cc), 來自: 39.10.148.30※ 文章網址: https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/Tech_Job/M.1452741623.A.945.html→ outzumin: 簡單說 沒常春藤以上的學歷 你就要有超屌的作品才有機會推 odahawk: 還蠻硬的，要有夠兇悍的作品→ outzumin: 只收前1%的菁英  不收____推 ganninian: 所以我才說會問這種的都不會上 連資料都不會查推 EraKing: 請問可以幫我內推SpaceX嗎推 duser: 推樓上→ duser: 推ganninian推 lxf: 跟56認真就輸了 XD推 s11542t: 推認真回文!版上多需要這種資訊推 drajan: 先花300萬洗個米國普校碩士 多發表幾篇paper 進名校PHD→ drajan: 預計養成計畫8年 這樣就可以進SpaceX了→ drajan: 也沒有甚麼不可能的 只是需要一點時間跟毅力→ Argos: 8年XD 說不定SpaceX就倒了→ billandcs: 然後SpaceX工程師全部失業? 放心吧,只要是Top 1%...→ billandcs: 到哪裡都不會太弱,自創公司的一堆...推 meltin: 有人可以翻譯嗎？→ S56655665566: 謝謝認真回應QQ推文自動更新已關閉