Re:  [徵才] 全球第一高爾夫球品牌 徵 製程工程師 - 看板 Tech_Job - 批踢踢實業坊作者loddy (&lt;&gt;)標題Re:  [徵才] 全球第一高爾夫球品牌 徵 製程工程師時間Tue Mar  8 21:25:57 2016這絕對是機械領域在南部不可多得的好工作阿~~再說明一下: 薪水範圍70k~100k/ month 其實是產業新鮮人的價碼,而且正常會落在中值偏上! 公司福利又好! 辦公室零食隨你吃~不過分紅的話就要看公司營運狀況了....大家如果條件符合又有興趣~歡迎將履歷寄到如下信箱!※ 引述《loddy (&lt;&gt;)》之銘言：: (代po): 先前因人事凍結，最後未進行聘任工作，實在很抱歉，: 現在缺又打開了，如果有興趣，歡迎將履歷寄到下面的信箱:  Job description有點長,我先簡述一下這份工作:  (1)可以中英文流利的與美國辦公室 以及台灣的廠商溝通:  (2)需具備美國研究所學歷:  (3)工程背景;0~5年工作經驗;有生產相關經驗佳:  (4)抗壓性強,溝通能力強 (或是至少不排斥與人溝通):  (5)工時彈性 (不過有時清早或晚尚要Con Call或應酬 XDD); 團隊氣氛佳(所以希望找進來的人也是一個很好的team player):  (6)錯過可惜!!:  【公司名稱】美商 Taylormade Golf Company:  【職缺】Process Engineer:  【工作項目】:   This position has the responsibility of ensuring the successful commercialization of new products through:   TaylorMade’s Asia supply chain via sound engineering principles, collaborative relationships, and planned:   tactical execution.:   Essential Functions and Key Responsibilities::   -Manages responsible project schedules and priorities are focused on accordingly.:   -Prototyping new product design concepts via TaylorMade’s Asia supply chain.:   -Responsible for the technical performance and production qualification of the suppliers.:   -Conducts feasibility studies and quality analysis so product process capability is understood.:   -Utilizes the analysis and develops recommendations for design and or process improvements.:   -Creates and fosters collaborative relationships with key suppliers and development teams.:   -Ability to influence and drive others to act and or align with production capable designs and methods.:   -Independently develop supply chain sourcing tactical execution in support of business strategies without:    supervisor assistance.: *Performs other related duties and assignments as required:   【應徵條件】:   -Requires BS Mechanical Engineer, BS Material Science, or Equivalent. Master prefer. US Master degree required.:   -Demonstrated ability to perform the job.:   -Typically 2 years applicable Technical and Supervisory experience desire.:   -Requires understanding of metal fabrication and cosmetic finishing.  Includes: casting, forging, polishing,:    machining, and painting.:   -Ability to use sound Engineering judgment, manufacturing experience, and creative thinking to solve complex:    manufacturing problems.:   -Requires knowledge of Lean Manufacturing Principles:   -Requires understanding of Supplier Quality Management.:   -Excellent verbal communication skills in English and Chinese, capable of expressing ideas clearly and:    communicating effectively with employees at all levels in the organization, including the ability to prepare:    and make technical presentations to small groups.:    【月薪】:    -TWD- 70k~100k/month:    【工作地點】高雄市:    【連絡方式】:    Please send your resume to::    Joseph Yu &lt;joseph.yu@tmag.com&gt;--※ 發信站: 批踢踢實業坊(ptt.cc), 來自: 114.136.241.151※ 文章網址: https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/Tech_Job/M.1457443559.A.E00.html推 duser: 新鮮人價碼~!!推 pbas: 威廉想走了...有考慮找他嗎→ loddy: 樓上是業內人士嘛推 pbas: 我只是個路過的故人XDDD噓 cityhunter04: 這是手動自底吧！可以直接水桶了………→ cityhunter04: 這是手動自底吧？可以直接水桶了………噓 cityhunter04: 手動自底？？？可以水桶了吧！推 pbas: 樓上怨念好深喔...被這間公司傷害過嗎XDDD推 vers: 看來威廉人脈很廣→ vers: 看來威廉人脈廣噓 cityhunter04: 規定不是拿來參考的!要亂搞幹麻定規矩………噓 Luks: 置底噓 teardropbox: 這文章看過很多次？推文自動更新已關閉